<?xml version="1.0" encoding="windows-1252"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"       
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" 

      >
    <ui:composition template="/default.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">
            <f:view><table border="1">
                    <thead>
                        <tr>
                            <th><b>Elegant System's Software Author</b></th>
                        </tr>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <tr>
                            <td>

                                <b>Welcome to my Profile Page</b> <br></br>
                                My Name is Inderjit Singh Sanhotra and I have been developing this Inventory and Accounting Software system since more than six months. I have rich software development experience
                                using technologies from Microsoft and Sun Microsystems and over 17 years of IT exposure using different operating systems. 
                                My experience scales the commercial sector in which I have developed software applications for reporting inventory, accounting and Payroll data. 
                                At present I am working as a Tech Lead, developing multiuser Real Time SCADA systems for the automation industry. 

                                After graduation in 1986, I did a private electronic data processing certification using COBOL on Mini Frame computers systems from IBM, 
                                Being interested in the PC internals worked here and there gathering knowledge on Personal computers 
                                Integrated circuit boards and processors used by desktop computers today, had an opportunity to lecture on COBOL, BASIC and FORTRAN. 
                                and was looking at a career in software sector as a developer, finally took up a job as a Clipper Software developer, that was where I started my career in the Commercial Sector developing my first Inventory control application.

                                <br></br><br></br>                                
                                Further started Looking at the new technologies and career prospects did private certification with INGRES RDBMS, took up a job in the Construction Industry, developing billing systems for timely collection of dues from Clients. 

                                <br></br><br></br>
                                Later Added a flavor of SCO UNIX and JAVA certification to find another better opportunity in the U.A.E where  I Spend nearly 10 years developing Multi user Desktop and Web applications on Windows, Unix and Mac systems. Created Data Centers for companies including CISCO Data and voice networks using VPNs and ISDN lines.

                                <br></br><br></br>
                                Today, I have in depth knowledge of networking using windows servers, setting up and configuring the servers and making them 
                                available to end users, consumers / employees. 
                                <br></br>
                                This was a little about me. To look at the product Info please browse through the other individual pages on the top.Thank you for your valuable time visiting Elegant Software Web Site
                                <br></br>
                            </td>
                        </tr>
                    </tbody>
                </table>

            </f:view>


        </ui:define>

    </ui:composition>
</html>
