
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"       
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" 

      >
    <ui:composition template="/default.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">
            <f:view><table border="1">
                    <thead>
                        <tr>
                            <th><b>Elegant Software Systems </b></th>
                        </tr>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <tr>
                            <td>

                                This Software system is a Windows based application consisting of 3-4 modules. Each module is integrated with the other modules and can be download and used independently. 
                                A 30 day trial setup is available for download and use. After download and setup the software is ready for use.
                                First the user needs to login to the Elegant system after registering himself as a company, the system records email address and the date and thereafter access to the software module is available for the trail period. <b>The email address is the key to activating the system later</b>.
                                
                                <br></br><br></br>
                                At the end of the trial period, the user registration has to be activated for continuing the use of any one of the three available software modules.

                                The activation is an online process in which a activation code is sent to the users registered email address and this code has to be saved in the application to complete the registration process. As this application is online on the web, users registration data and activation data 
                                is kept confidential and used only for correspondence purpose. Also this code determines if the users membership is yearly or permanent. 


                                <br> </br>                                    
                                <br></br>
                                This was about me and the Elegant System Software. Once again thank you for your valuable time visiting Elegant Software Systems web site
                            </td>
                        </tr>
                    </tbody>
                </table>

            </f:view>


        </ui:define>

    </ui:composition>
</html>
